Add Compactor.MaxLookback Option for Limiting Blocks Loaded in Compaction Cycles (#10585)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/about-versioning.md

    - `-compactor.no-blocks-file-cleanup-enabled`
  - In-memory cache for parsed meta.json files:
    - `-compactor.in-memory-tenant-meta-cache-size`

>   - Limit blocks processed in each compaction cycle. Blocks uploaded prior to the maximum lookback won't be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Limit blocks processed in each compaction cycle. Blocks uploaded prior to the maximum lookback aren't processed.
```
